#621 Add dylib IO functions (#624)
HigherOrderCO/Bend: docs/ffi.md

      free(output.buf);
      pclose(pipe);
      return new_port(ERA, 0);
    }
    output.buf = new_result;
    strcpy(output.buf + output.len, buffer);
    output.len += len;
  }

  // After we're done with the operation, we convert it to HVM format.
  // In this case, the output is the output of the 'ls' command as a list of bytes.
  // We need to process it in Bend later to convert it to a list of file names.
  Port output_port = inject_bytes(net, &output);

  // Remember to free all the allocated memory.
  free(cmd);
  free(output.buf);
  pclose(pipe);
  return output_port;
}

Port mkdir(Net* net, Book* book, Port arg) {
  // We do the same thing here as in the 'ls' function,
  // except we call 'mkdir' which doesn't output anything.
  Str path = readback_str(net, book, arg);

  char* cmd = malloc(path.len + strlen("mkdir ") + 1);
  sprintf(cmd, "mkdir %s", path.buf);
  int res = system(cmd);

  free(path.buf);
  free(cmd);
  return new_port(ERA, 0);
}
```

To compile this code into a library, we can use the `gcc` compiler and include the HVM header files.

Assuming that it's saved in a file called `libbend_dirs.c`, we can compile it with the following command:

```sh

> Compile the shared library with unresolved symbols:
> For macOS:
> gcc -shared -o libbend_dirs.so -I /path/to/HVM/src/ libbend_dirs.c -undefined dynamic_lookup -fPIC
> 
> For Linux:
> gcc -shared -o libbend_dirs.so -I /path/to/HVM/src/ libbend_dirs.c -Wl,--unresolved-symbols=ignore-all -fPIC

Author: ```suggestion
# Needs to be compiled as a shared library with unresolved symbols.
# For macOS:
gcc -shared -o libbend_dirs.so -I /path/to/HVM/src/ libbend_dirs.c -undefined dynamic_lookup -fPIC

# For Linux:
gcc -shared -o libbend_dirs.so -I /path/to/HVM/src/ libbend_dirs.c -Wl,--unresolved-symbols=ignore-all -fPIC
```
